Jesus taking up his cross is an image
that Christ himself uses for us he says
you have to take up your cross it's the
load that we have right it is our own
suffering it is our own obstacles it is
everything that is in our way the best
thing you can do is not not complain
about it you know not whine about it CU
it doesn't change anything but it is to
take it and to move forward with the
difficulties that are in front of you
why did the Romans use the crucifix as a
weapon of tyranny well cuz it's the
instrument of maximal torture
why did God take the cross on as his
particular embodied burden and the
answer to that is something like well
because it's the worst thing that could
possibly happen and so that's the
maximal burden that could be born why
did that become a Divine symbol because
that which is most Divine will guide you
best through the worst possible
suffering it's the place where suffering
is experienced and transcended